[Music]
21 in you oh lord I put my trust let me
never be put to shame deliver me in your
righteousness and cause me to escape
incline your ear to me and save me be my
strong refuge to which I may resort
continually you have given the
commandment to save me where you are my
rock and my fortress deliver me oh my
god out of the hand of the wicked out of
the hand of the unrighteous and cruel
men you are my hope Oh Lord God
you are my trust from my youth by you I
have been upheld from birth you are he
who took me out of my mother's womb my
praise shall be continually of you I
have become as a wonder to many but you
are my strong refuge let my mouth be
filled with your praise and with your
glory all the day do not cast me off in
the time of old age do not forsake me
when my strength fails for my enemies
speak against me and those who lie in
wait for my life take counsel together
saying God has forsaken him pursue and
take him for there is none to deliver
him Oh God do not be far from me oh my
god make haste to help me let them be
confounded and consumed who are
adversaries of my life let them be
covered with reproach and dishonor who
seek my hurt but I will hope continually
and will praise you yet more and more my
mouth shall tell of your righteousness
and your salvation all the day or I do
not know their limits I will go in the
strength of the Lord God I will make
mention of your righteousness of yours
only Oh God
you have taught me from my youth
and to this day I declare your wondrous
works now also when I am old and
grey-headed Oh God
do not forsake me until I declare your
strength to this generation your power
to everyone who is to come
also your righteousness o God is very
high you who have done great things
o God who is like you you who have shown
me great and severe troubles shall
revive me again and bring me up again
from the depths of the earth you shall
increase my greatness and comfort me on
every side also with the loot I will
praise you and your faithfulness oh my
god to you I will sing with the harp o
Holy One of Israel my lips shall greatly
rejoice when I sing to you and my soul
which you have redeemed my tongue also
shall talk of your righteousness all the
day long where they are confounded where
they are brought to shame who seek mire
you
[Music]